ENTOURAGE, the movie adaptation of the HBO series with the same title, has too many concerns to juggle with its utterly vapid and tawdry script. It's almost always expected that stories with multiple lead characters eventually suffer through bland and unfocused narrative, part of which may be atrributed to the fact that most of such screenplays generally fit for long-term storytelling. Such flaw is inevitably at large in this big screen take of the 8-season series.The movie follows Vincent Chase (Adrien Grenier), who, after his failed marriage, realizes he wants something new for his career. So when his former agent-turned-studio-head Ari Gold (Jeremy Piven) offers him a lead role for his studio's debut film, he agrees, on condition that he gets to direct the big screen project. Months later, the movie is pursued but still 15million behind completion.Such pursuit is never engaging to follow. While the whole movie-making thing is made here a fascinating subject to tackle, the string of tepid and uninspired proceedings, robs all the interest and leaves a crumbling narrative, bereft of even the littlest of sense. Soon enough, the film spirals into too many other concerns that from the get go, are uninteresting and unnecessary . The focus then shifts to multiple loud parties, where elaborate garish exhibitions of social lords are ever the main attraction of the spotlight. Before you know, the whole movie industry exposition is already relegated behind the much less inviting sequences that mostly involve skins and male superiority displays. Plus, countless unflattering cameos are omnipresent to steal portions of the rottening pie. By the time it comes back to its main subject, there's only too little eagerness left for the final product.Much of ENTOURAGE's disaster emanates from its inability to keep its focus, and provide decent material for its actors to work with. The main conflict doesn't even strike as something worth paying attention to, and the resolution is unsatisfyingly cheap. While the film itself calls for celebration, it would be hard to enjoy this ENTOURAGE of men, when they barely have a feat to party for.