Quickie Review:Burdened by the debt he owes the Chinese mafia, Cam (Taylor Lautner) must find a quick way to earn money. In his desperation he joins a group of street runners who use their skills to commit high-paying crimes. Cam soon finds himself in criminal world with higher stakes than he expected. Other than the parkour scenes there is no other redeemable quality to Tracers. In fact there is a severe lack of quality in acting and story logic. This should have been a simple crime-heist movie with some parkour action in it. Instead there are numerous instances of forced drama that you will not care about at all. This movie is simply a waste of time.Full Review:Let's be blunt here, other than the Twilight fans nobody is looking forward to a Taylor Lautner movie. Then again I used feel the same way about Kirsten Stewart and Robert Pattinson, but lately they have been making good decisions in choosing their roles. So I thought I'd give Lautner the benefit of the doubt. I was wrong.I'll give Tracers this, the parkour scenes were well done. There were plenty of these chase scenes and they did bring some excitement in an otherwise dull movie. It's not to the skill level of parkour master David Belle in the French film District B13, but the chase scenes were certainly the best parts of movie. That's where the kudos end for me.I think everyone would agree that movies should try to make us empathize with the main characters. However, the writers try to achieve this by going overboard and giving everyone a troubled past. I mean we have characters who are in deep debt with the Chinese mafia, have been abandoned by their father, had a mother who died after being evicted, living on scraps on the streets, attempted sexual assault victim. With all these problems and horrible past I'm shocked they are even functioning human beings! Every other scene is some character deeply brooding about how their hoping for a better life. Then there is a love story that doesn't make sense beyond "hey you're kinda hot, I'm kinda hot. Let's get it on." Oh and of course that comes with an obligatory love triangle that you see coming from miles away. There is no chemistry because the dialog and the performances are cringe worthy. Honestly, why these people are even interacting together makes no sense. As if the movie wasn't bloated enough with unnecessary backstories, there are random twists and turns in the story that are very illogical because there was no previous setup.I am sure some will say I'm overthinking this. No, I'd argue it's the writers who overthought this movie. There was a good hook here: using parkour skills to pull off heists. All that was needed was a simple story to give reason for these chase scenes, but they try to add drama with poorly written characters and the laughable performances didn't help either. Definitely not worth parkour running out to see it.Check out more on my movie review blog The Stub Collector: http://thestubcollector.wordpress.com/