"Any Day" (2015 release; 101 min.) brings the story of Vian (played by Sean Bean). As the movie opens and the opening credits roll, we see him at a party, drunk and getting into an argument with another guy. Vian, a professional boxer we later learn, ends up pummeling the guy to death (literally)and Vian is imprisoned. After the opening credits, we are informed that we are "Twelve Years Later" and Vian is released from jail. Not knowing where to go, he is turned away from his former boxing club and in desperation goes to his sister Bethley (played by Kate Walsh). She very reluctantly agrees to let him stay for two weeks at her house, as long as Vian doesn't booze. It's not long before we see Vian in the grocery store and getting to know Jolene (played by Eva Longoria), and he asks for her phone number right then and there. Along the way, Vian is also desperately looking for a job and catches a break when he gets a cooking job at a pizzeria managed by Roland (played by Tom Arnold). To tell you more would spoil your viewing experience, you'll just have to see for yourself how it all plays out.Couple of comments: this movie is written and directed by Rustam Branaman, best known for his acting work in front of the camera. I can see the good intentions of this movie: tough guy with a good heart is re-entering society and really wants to do right this time around. Unfortunately, the scrip is incredibly weak and utterly predictable. There is no tension to speak of in the movie. Worse, the scenes where the emotions get high, are utterly unbelievable. As I was watching this, I felt sorry for the wasted talents of Eva Longoria. She looks utterly and completely lost in this movie. How did she end up in this mess? I admit I struggled to make it through the end of the movie but I somehow did. You don't have to suffer the same fate...I saw this movie recently at the Silverspot Theater in Naples, FL, where a bunch of movies from the 2015 Palm Beach International Film Festival were featured. I had never heard of "Any Day" and literally took a chance on this, simply on the fact that Longoria is in this. I shouldn't have, and in all honesty, I cannot recommend this movie to anyone. Viewer beware!