Humpty Sharma Ki Dulhania has a "Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge" (DDLJ) Hangover. Well no this isn't the Bradley Cooper infused - "Now I am gonna enjoy this for the next two hours" kind of Hangover. But rather the kind that causes headaches and makes you hate yourself for throwing up - not just your money, but also time, that you could have surely spent elsewhere.The story goes like this - wait - there was a story? Well yes there was one you see! Someone watched DDLJ. Convinced Karan Johar that now is the time to milk DDLJ, and irrespective of the daring "Neil and Nikki" vanishing off without a trace, Karan actually agreed to fund this! The film, to give credit where its due, has totally done away with logic - thus saving us some more pain in trying to link the sequences happening purposelessly in scene after scene. Sample this - a drunk girl decides to stay back with 3 drunk men she hardly knows in a commercial establishment, claiming that its late at night and risky outside. Now that's what I call logic empowerment! Wait! There is more! Amateurs shoot videos of lovers having sex, blackmail them for money (after all, one is an unhappily married MILF and the other young enough to be her son), and actually end up committing the perfect crime! If that isn't innovation at its best, I don't know what is! Wait - wondering where DDLJ comes into play? Here it goes - This film you see is essentially about the heroine - Alia Bhatt falling for a random stranger even after having her marriage fixed with someone she regularly interacts with on Skype. Of course all men she Skypes with look hot, can you blame her for not being sure about this one? And yes, she needs to buy a Designer Ghagra, and save a dear friend from getting blackmailed, and earn some fast money, and evaluate some exam papers, and be a good Samaritan to a man who always dreamed of buying a car, and look fresh, and dance at weddings, and pout, and effortlessly say some dialogs that were surely written with least effort, and basically do a lot of unnecessary running around in between.Still wondering how it is inspired by DDLJ? Don't worry! There is of course an interval, post which the hero - Varun Dhawan tries winning the heroine DDLJ style even as a 'gabru jawaan' - Siddharth Shukla - the only character who actually stays in character and has a semblance of logic - plays a spoilsport by being perfect in every way possible.The only thing that works for the film is possibly the song "Saturday Saturday" - which has the power of actually eclipsing the impact of the William Pharrell Song "Happy", for the moment it comes on screen, you realize that the film is at last over and believe me! Nothing will make you happier!P.S: There is a scene in the film where Varun breaks down inconsolably upon reading a message on his phone; and the audience breaks down in an attempt at controlling their laughter. I am not sure whether Varun had managed to glimpse the fate of this film while shooting that scene. 3 out of 10 stars from me, for the technicians who added the required sheen, for the song 'Samjhawan' and for Siddharth Shukla who did not let go of an opportunity of showcasing his skills. But I so wish Alia had chosen better...