How can a comedy, a movie usually designed to make people laugh, bore me to tears? Throw in a thoroughly unlikable protagonist making unfunny "witty" jokes while acting like a man child and you've got yourself one of the best sleeping pills to ever hit a cinema near you.Arthur (Russell Brand) is a spoiled, rich 30-something wasting money every 30 minutes to enjoy his life while being watched over by his disapproving nanny/surrogate mother, Hobson (Helen Mirren). When Arthur's mother, the owner of a multi-billion dollar corporation, has had enough of Arthur's immaturity, she threatens to cut him off unless she marries the responsible and completely-out-of-her-mind businesswoman, Susan (Jennifer Gardner). While Arthur begrudgingly plans to go through with the marriage to keep his fortune, he struggles with the prospect when he meets and connects with the part-time con artist Naomi (Greta Gerwig). "Wackiness" ensues. For two boring hours.I was coming into this film ready to hate Russell Brand, who's very appearance makes we want to take a shower to wash away the filth. For his first lead role, he doesn't really bomb it completely but... he's just not a funny guy. The sad part is, you can see him try to be funny, when he starts acting out and behaving like a child. So he pretty much looked at Will Ferrell and decided to copy what he's been doing in his very, very worst movies. So it doesn't come across as funny, it's just sad. Brand never reaches the level of annoyance he stooped to in "Get Him to the Greek" and "Forgetting Sarah Marshall", but he's definitely not a leading man. He has no charm, no attraction, and no likability. And he does this for two unforgivable hours.While you never care about Arthur, you oddly care more about the supporting cast. You really feel for Helen Mirren's Hobson and her exasperation with putting up with this rich, spoiled little brat. She's dry and sarcastic, and the film's best moments (which are few and far in between) all belong to her. Even Greta Gerwig is more charming than the lead, and you actually feel sorry her when she gets hurt in the movie. Jennifer Gardner has fun as a psycho for all 10 minutes she's in this film. That's right, she can only be here ten minutes of this two hour waste of time.But a comedy needs funny situations, and this film is sorely lacking in that department. Even though Brand plays with the famous movie cars and rents out Grand Central Station, there's nothing to laugh here. I'll admit I giggled at a snarky remark here and there, but like I said, it never comes from Russell Brand. You see a couple of ridiculous things like the DeLorean or the Batmobile (the bad one), and you feel like you're ready to smile but the movie does nothing with them. While this film didn't anger me, it commits the cardinal sin of being boring. They have two montages of nothing interesting happening, and there came points while dialog was going on and I almost started snoozing. And did I mention this "comedy" is two unholy hours long? At the end of the day, Arthur is an irritating movie with a thoroughly uncharming and unfunny protagonist. It's a waste of time and money that only has a few funny moments peppered in. Rent it to pass the time, but do not expect to laugh. Expect to catch some Zs.