Sitting in the theatre last night, a line from an old Tool song was  rattling around in my brain. "One great big, festering, neon  distraction" was used by the band to describe the state of California,  but the description couldn't be more apt for Peter Berg's BATTLESHIP. A  deafening, blue and orange military recruitment tool, the film can't  even sustain its laughably simple premise, and attempts to promote a  message so unappealing to its target audience I was left questioning  why it even exists.  Story is the least important element here, so lets just say that in  between all the sweeping helicopter shots and blinding lens flare, an  international Naval war games exercise is interrupted by alien  invaders, and it's up to reckless officer Alex Hopper (Taylor Kitsch)  to save the day. Kitsch delivers solid character work early on, but  soon gets lost in the cacophony of bangs and seizure-inducing editing  which leaves little room for the human story. Inexplicably added to the  mix are pop star Rihanna, seemingly here for no other reason than,  well, she's Rihanna, and Liam Neeson collecting his paycheck for around  10 minutes of screen time. But, as I said, we're not here for the  story, rather the spectacular action and special effects right? The bad  news is that when the aliens finally show up, BATTLESHIP's pace  strangely slows to a crawl (no doubt due to the limited options offered  by the source material), and all potential excitement and interest  evaporates. Director Berg forces the idea of teamwork down the  audience's throats (Japan and the US fighting together in Hawaii?  Wonders never cease), and doesn't even try to disguise his recruitment  agenda. Indeed, the film is little more than a hyperkinetic music video  (oh, that's why Rihanna is here) designed to lure impressionable youth  into signing up so they too can fight the 'alien invaders'.  Herein lies the problem however: young people today almost definitely  don't play Battleship. Basing a tentpole film on a board game seemed  like a daft idea from the outset, but recent cinema history has seen a  theme park ride turned into a critically and financially successful  franchise, so precedent is there in a way. Unfortunately for Universal,  even those of us who grew up in a pre-internet/Xbox Live world remember  Battleship as a desperately boring endeavour, so how can it be expected  to compete in today's short attention-span culture? The strange  metaphor that Berg attempts to craft in the film's third act,  suggesting that we need to remember and re-appraise the past, just  won't fly with 21st century teens bred in our disposable, constantly  updating world of technological wonder. BATTLESHIP's strange  juxtaposition of bombastic special effects framing ancient board game  mechanics simply doesn't sit right, and it's hard to imagine the teen  audience, so crucial for success at the summer box-office, tearing  themselves away from the latest CALL OF DUTY to embrace the turn-based  'excitement' of this ridiculous film. No amount of explosions can  salvage a limp and underwritten movie, and BATTLESHIP, not entirely  unexpectedly, is torpedoed by its own outdated inspiration.