I am the kind of guy who can apreciate a Seagal movie, and yes i am talking his straight to video movies. I don't need much to be entertained. Cast him as an ex CIA agent or whatever, and suddenly criminals are after him, and give me 2-3 aikido stunt double fights, 3-4 gun fights and ill roll with it.Lately Seagal has been playing a backrole in movies to younger guys and honestly it was not that bad for the most part. I think its even a good thing. Killing Salazaar was fine. Luke Goss did a fine job in the action role, and Seagal was in it just enough to justify his name on the cover, and it had GSP.But this movie... this movie does not deserve anything. Its a bad cash grab, a deception. You got Seagal as the biggest face on the cover and he has barely a cameo, not even landing a single punch. Vinnie Jones is also just a cameo.Even the DVD box is deceptive, it make it looks like Seagal will have a nice secondary role, but nop.Looking at the box i was hoping for something close to that Jason Statham movie, you know "Wild Card", not a masterpiece but entertaining enough. This is nowhere even close to that.NOTHING HAPPEN, no action what so ever. Its clearly a movie where Seagal put his face in to score a few $ while the company making it tough it could lure a few Seagal fans like me and it worked i guess. I paid this movie 5$ out of a video store bargain bin and its still too much. Im returning it even if i just get 1$. I collect Seagal movies, even the "lesser ones" but that one is too bad to even take a space on my shelve.I don't think i ever gave 1/10 to a movie on IMDB, if i did it must had been very bad, but here i just feel i was deceived !!And before you say, yes reviews could had tell me but usually peoples are harsh on Seagal movies, and like i said i usually enjoy them, even when he plays a second role. I had tons of fun with Force of Execution for instance. I enjoyed Code of Honor despite being a rather mediocre film, hell even End of a Gun, wich is one of the Seagal movies where not much action happened and i find it rather boring, at least he was IN THE MOVIE.Gutshot Straight is terrible and should be forgot. I never want to watch it again !