I have a decent range when it comes to film viewing, but I don't enjoy romance. Firstly, they're unrealistic and secondly, you can usually tell what will happen. So, Endless Love is a love story. Cue alarm bells. But it gets worse. The awful trailer makes it look like just another bland love story. Except it's not. This is a romance between Alex Pettyfer and Gabriella Wilde. Think of that and tremble. There are 2 big questions here: 1. The original Endless Love movie was apparently awful, so why remake it? 2. How can a film be called Endless Love, consist primarily of its 2 leads gazing into each other's eyes, be full of romantic montages and love scenes and have a script which is overloaded with romantic sayings yet feel less romantic, moving and emotional than The Texas Chainsaw Massacre? To be fair, it is what you'd expect from a film like this and there is a bit of humour which is appreciated but aside from that this is a two dimensional and aggressively bland movie that is one of the worst in a strong year for films.The acting is laughably bad from the 2 leads. Alex Pettyfer is that bland kid who made Alex Rider (The super cool boy spy from the Alex Rider books) as bland as a shopping mannequin. Gabriella Wilde is that model who murdered the character of Sue Snell in last year's Carrie remake. Together, they have no chemistry and no emotional investment whatsoever. The direction is utterly nauseating as the film plays like an extended romantic music video and the script is utterly devoid of any kind of spark or charisma. Endless Love will appeal to its audience, but it is one of the blandest movies in recent memory and so full of clichés (I feel like I've seen all these things hundreds of times before and I don't watch this kind of film a lot) you'll forget in 24 hours. To add insult to injury, they actually put family issues and bereavement drama into this pathetic love story which feels out of place and irritating. Endless Love is so boring it passes too quickly to do any real harm, but you've seen the whole film just by watching the trailer.2/10