I would have given -10 out of 10, but unfortunately IMDb doesn't allow that. I had the expectations of it being a hugely awesome party themed funny movie, like most Hollywood movies of that genre are, seeing as the cast was strong - all the original dudes from Masti the original movie. But no, it terribly failed my expectations.Here's the thing, the movie is a collection of vulgar double meaning jokes with sexual innuendos in very,very bad taste. You know it - all those messages that you probably might have gotten from your friend on WhatsApp, those cheap sexual jokes that keep getting forwarded around. Not that most of those messages aren't funny, but the way they're portrayed into scenes here - seems like as if a bunch of perverted noobs shot them.Sex appeal - the makers of this film probably made this movie keeping in mind the wallets of the crowd which consists of men who drop money at the name of sex. So they made a film like this, and I'm going to say it - this movie, tried to be a porn movie with only the foreplay, but no porn. The jokes sucked, the acting sucked, the script (if it in fact existed) sucked.Actually, what I feel about the script is, that some half-retarded sex depraved man wrote it. Absolutely no sensible intelligent plot, totally bad script and super clichéd dialogues, nothing original at all. Masti? NO masti at all. Masti the original movie was way way hilarious and actually had a good plot. Laughs? You'll be crying by the end as to why you even took the risk of seeing something like this. Hell, the only ONE thing that made me laugh was the fountain part in the starting. Except that, the whole movie is absolute rubbish. Now, the reason this movie is bad is because this movie was supposed to be a money maker, not a crowd puller, one which appeals to people's senses, like Bhag Milkha Bhag or Barfi. Oh my my.. This crap movie is parsecs away from them in terms of enjoyment,satisfaction, and get-your-money's- worth value.In conclusion, if you're an avid movie watcher, love movies, and love intelligent movies, or love movies with party and sex themes, you'll find this movie HUGELY disappointing. Just, please don't watch it. You'll waste 2 hours of life, and it was total torture to sit throughout the 2 hours. The only reason I sat the whole 2 hours were because my friends somehow liked this cheap lazy senseless boring outright dimwitted movie.So, my advice - forget that this movie was ever made. Just don't waste your time on it, if you're thinking of renting it on DVD or catch it on cable when it comes out in the next few months. Just, DON'T.