We were not able to watch the movie during the theatrical releases but recently watched it On Demand at home. I am (still) a fan of his music and own each release. When he was alive my friends and I never missed a concert and North Texas was a big concert market for him and he was in concert a lot here.I have to say that overall I was a bit disappointed in the movie. Overall the screenplay was slow and severely plodded along in other places. (I know there was a lot of ground to cover, but 2 plus hours was too long.) The background music did not help in the pacing of the movie either. There were several gaffes with props/clothes from the wrong decade being used. (My biggest annoyance was the 2000-era rolling suitcase used in the 1974 dorm move-in scene.) Some of the scenes in the group house were so poorly acted that we started fast forwarding through them.I agree with those who have said in their reviews/commentaries that the movie did not show his joyful, whimsical, humorous side but focused on the dark periods. I noticed in one particular concert scene he was portrayed as scared and uncomfortable and in the multitude of times I saw him in concert he never came across that way. He always appeared to be having fun and enjoying himself. And during the after concert bookstore appearances he was friendly and would stay and visit for hours.After the movie ended we started talking about questions that were raised – From the dirty hair (and disgustingly brown and greasy pillow case) are we to take away that Rich was unable to attend to basic hygiene? (Every time we saw him in concert or bookstore appearances he appeared to be clean and put together.) From the quick clip at Harry's Uptown Bar are we to take away that he picked up women in bars? One of the biggest questions we found ourselves asking from all the raging drunk scenes was if he was an alcoholic then why did nobody in his life intervene and get him in to rehab? Why were certain people in his life he talked a lot about and were close to him, not included in the story? Would he have been humiliated to have his greatest private struggles revealed? I think that anybody who followed him closely knew he struggled with many things in life. While he did not share details (as it was his personal life) he did share enough that the person who was really hearing him could read between the lines. You knew that God was still able to use him to share about His love and grace despite his shortcomings. I wish the movie had showed more of the people who were ministered to by his music and shared that with him after his concerts. Rich's music opened many folk's eyes/hearts to what God was able to do in their lives as He had done in Rich's life.