Did not want to dislike '6 Ways to Die'. It was again not a bad, if not new, premise and Vinnie Jones has given alright performances in the past. It had potential to work, and would have done with effort being obvious and like those in front of and behind the camera had their hearts in it.Unlike most other films starring or featuring Jones recently, '6 Ways to Die' did show effort. It just did it badly. Have seen worse films, recently and ever, but that doesn't stop '6 Ways to Die' from being a very poor film with no redeeming traits and a lot of things done absolutely terribly. There is not much to add to what has been said very well already and the review is at the risk of repeating what has been said. Just for the record, '6 Ways to Die' was watched with an open mind and not without the intent or want to dislike, let alone hate, the film, quite the contrary.'6 Ways to Die' has very little going for it, but it deserves some credit for actually trying and putting some effort in.The setting is okay and the thing that comes off least badly.Sadly, it is a case of that '6 Ways to Die' tries too hard. The story has too many strands and such and does nothing with any of them, making the storytelling come over as over-complicated and sometimes incomprehensible with no development to any of them whatsoever. The archetypal ciphers passing for characters are very difficult to care for or endear to, with no attempt at development and with too little personality or likeability. Some of them even are unnecessary.Moreover, the script is verbose, awkward-sounding and very pompous. This self-indulgence is similarly seen from start to finish in the photography and editing, which also tend to be repetitive. The music is forgettable at best and the acting is not really worth mentioning with the all-round badly used (most under-utilised and some pointless, especially a completely wasted Vivica A. Fox) cast giving performances completely lacking in vigour or intensity. Jones is one of the biggest examples of this. Michael Rene Walton comes off best.Overall, very bad. 2/10 Bethany Cox