Review: This is another one of those over complicated movies, which goes back and forth in time, so you have to piece the whole movie together yourself. The director tried to piece together the whole story and the end, in a "Usual Suspects" type of way but I personally had lost complete interest by then. It keeps on going a week behind in time, so it just becomes a pain to follow. The acting wasn't bad from the whole cast and I did find the storyline quite intriguing at first, especially when you follow what Vinnie Jones is saying in the car, to all of the people that he sends out to ruin Sonny "Sundown" Garcia (Michael Rene Walton) life but I ended up getting annoyed with it. I won't go into much depth about the storyline because it's basically not worth it and I honestly didn't know what was happening by the end but I will say this, it's a revenge plot with John Doe (Vinnie Jones) sending out various people to take down, drug dealer, Sundown. When I saw Tom Sizemore and Vivica A. Fox in the cast, I thought it was going to be half decent but Sizemore only has one scene in the movie and Fox makes a brief appearance near the end, which didn't have that much to do with the plot. At the end of the day, it's yet another disappointing movie from Vinnie Jones and I've finally learnt to stay away from films with his name plastered all over the poster. Disappointing!Round-Up: This movie was written and directed by Nadeem Soumah, who brought you Searching For Angels in 2011, which also starred Vivica A. Fox. Personally I think he made a right mess of this film because the storyline was hard to follow and over complicated. He could have easily made it a straight forward movie, were the scenes flowed from one scene to the next but it seemed like he was trying to be clever, by making it go one week behind, after each dramatic moment. Anyway, it definitely gets the thumbs down from me and I won't be watching it again in a hurry.I recommend this movie to people who are into their crime/thrillers starring Vinnie Jones, Michael Rene Walton, Vivica A. Fox, Tom Sizemore, Bai Ling and Dominique Swain. 2/10