Did not expect much in the first place before watching 'Black Site Delta'. It sounded interesting, but it did look like a not very well made, ridiculous and by the numbers film with not particularly good actors. Saw 'Black Site Delta' anyway out of curiosity, being intrigued by the idea and having been a lot of low-budget films recently (most not very good to put it lightly). 'Black Site Delta' turned out to be more or less, make that exactly even, what was expected. Except worse. It started off pretty well, with a competently done and attention-grabbing opening sequence, giving off the sense that maybe the film won't be bad and be better than it seemed. This didn't stay for long though and it is something of a shame. After the opening, the film went down south catastrophically very quickly and never recovered or improved. Actually got pretty much worse as it progressed. On a visual level, 'Black Site Delta' looked shoddy. Drab and simplistic, with haphazard editing and self-indulgent camera work that seemed too much in love with Cam Gigandet, for reasons that are a puzzlement because it only succeeds in betraying his lack of ability. The sound/soundtrack are intrusive and obvious and the direction has no sense of atmosphere or pacing, nothing to be thrilled by and nothing much engaging.Script is awkward-sounding and ponderous, with lines that do make one cringe. A lot of it is gibberish and juvenile, with a stilted improvisatory feel that shouldn't have made it past draft stages. On top of that, the story goes through the motions with no tension, suspense or thrills, a lot of intelligence-insulting ridiculousness and pacing so dull that it makes a reasonably short length much longer. The action-oriented scenes are more preposterous and by the numbers than they are thrilling or fun.Less said about the acting the better, awful all round though in all fairness they have poor direction, an even poorer script and one-dimensional caricatures (that aren't interesting or endearing at all, the stupid and illogical decision making and behaviours making one frustrated) to work with. The biggest dishonourable mentions being Cam Gigandet, showing no acting ability let alone charisma whatsoever in the lead role, and Arash Moktar in far too over-the-top mode in a way that was painful to watch. In summary, very poor and a must don't save. 2/10 Bethany Cox