Funny but average film with action, struggles, and shootouts by the expert Enzo G. Castell . This Spanish-Italian co-production deals with a likable man ( Timothy Brent , aka Giancarlo Priete) who inherits from his uncle a gold mine. He assumes the mine is worthless, and join forces with a hunk and joker monk (an excessive Jack Palance in frank decadence) in encounter the propriety . Thus , two men looking for the hidden gold ,they are : a cynic and fake priest chased by bounty hunters going after the reward and a young gunslinger , son of a filthy family . However, the other members of his grimy family (father is Renzo Palmer , mother is Maria Vico and grandfather Lionel Stander) aware that the gold mine is actually worth a lot of money , and they set off in pursuit to take it from him before he realizes what he has a valuable mine . Besides a greedy landowner (Eduardo Fajardo), proprietary of Grant's mine , and his band of fanatics hoodlums set out to take the precious mine . At the ending the gold turns to be hidden in the New Laredo Prison . This is a regular Faglioli-Spaghetti Western in Trinity and Bambino style and for that reason there is a cult to dirtiness with an appropriately goofy tone, customary issue in this sub-genre. The movie takes parts from Enzo Barboni movies such as ¨Trinity is my name¨ and ¨Trinity is still my name¨ . The film is plenty of action, fun, brawls , shootouts and surprise-filled entertainment. The picture contains funny gun-play along with fist-fight very much in the Terence Hill/Bud Spencer territory. The violence isn't crude but suits the light-weight comedy fun and silly slapstick like the Trinity series . It certainly has an enthusiastic cast , plenty of slapstick , some very impressive gymnastics, especially in the massive fight sequences . The highlights of the movie result to be when the family travels in a wheeled-ship such as ¨The man in wilderness (Richard C Sarafian)¨ and Jack Palance driving a hearse (Palance steals the show with his gestures , faces and excesses , including some scenes eating onions such as ¨Cipolla Colt¨) ; furthermore the silly final on a bath parlor and subsequents fights in the pool . The picture displays crazy characters with twists plots and is quite amusing . It does eventually outstay its welcome, and there are a surprising amount of fights and laughters . The movie starred by habitual Spaghetti as Timothy Brent and Jack Palance , besides usual secondaries as Italian players as Renzo Palmer , Riccardo Garrone as Spanish actors as Angel Alvarez (Django), Eduardo Fajardo (Sergio Corbucci's ordinary secondary) and Maria Vico . A really catching score musical by Guido and Mauricio De Angelis who often work with Castellari . Atmospheric cinematography filmed by Manuel Rojas shot in Camerata Nuova, and De Paolis Studios, Rome, Lazio, Italy and of course Almeria , Spain . Silly screenplay with ridiculous situations written by the usual Tito Carpi and Jose G . Maesso , also producer ( he produced several Western as ¨The ugly ones , Minnesota Clay , Django , A train to Durango , Hellbenders¨) . Enzo G Castell makes a nice camera work with usual zooms and clever choreography on the showdown , fighting , slow motion shootouts and bemusing scenes . He made more Western as ¨ Johnny Hamlet , Kill them everybody and came back alone, Seven Winchester for a massacre, Cipolla colt¨ and the masterpiece : ¨Keoma¨. Some of them are serious , others are goofy and plenty of slapstick and slapdash . This is a bewildering story , funny in lots of parts and it will appeal to Spaghetti Western fans . It's a mediocre film , but still better than a lot of the ulterior spaghetti western comedies to come .