For a typical romantic comedy, "What's Your Number" sort of surprised me, as it was just a tad more than your average movie of this sort.What initially made me watch it was Anna Faris (playing Ally), because she usually makes funny comedies, and I have always found her acting to be enjoyable, and her selection of characters is usually great as well. Her performance in "What's Your Number", however, wasn't her best performance in her career, in my opinion. It wasn't bad either, it was just that she are better off in straight comedies in my opinion, not these romantic comedies. But hey, we all have different likes and dislikes.Working with Farris was Chris Evans (playing Collin), whom I can't claim to be a big fan of. I think I have only seen him in the previous couple of superhero movies that he did. And I think he was better cut out for action movies of that sort compared to the romantic comedies. I will say that Farris and Evans did have a certain good amount of on-screen chemistry that worked out well enough.As for the story in "What's Your Number", well it is basically your average standard run-of-the-mill plot line here. An unlikely couple starting out as strangers, then eventually becoming closer and closer, until they realize that the right one was right there in front of them all along. So nothing new to be seen here in that department. The plot did thicken with the layer added when the story was given the part with how many sexual partners does a woman have in her lifetime. That aspect was kind of fun and did add some pretty awkward situations here and there.For a comedy, there wasn't all that many laughs throughout this movie. The best scene, and the best laugh (for me), was the very last phone call that Ally got while they were in the apartment. That cracked me up."What's Your Number" isn't a boring movie, and it does have some more substance compared to other romantic comedies. However, I think you have to be a woman to fully appreciate this movie. As a guy, I can now say that I have seen it, and it is doubtful that I will be putting the movie on a second time, unless wifey wants to watch it again.