This interesting suspense movie deals with a young woman named Abigail Clayton (Selma Blair) who lives deeply alone . She is a heiress who's been shut inside her apartment building for nearly two decades is forced to confront her fears after one of her neighbors is killed . The famous daughter of a wealthy industrialist, Abigail disappeared from the prying eyes of the press and the intrusiveness of her family on her 18th birthday, the day she received her massive inheritance. During years of self-imposed isolation, Abigail has had contact with only two people-her building's Concierge, Klandermann, with whom she communicates via notes-and Dr. Raymond Fontaine (Beau Bridges) , a longtime family friend . When there happens the death of her elderly neighbor , Police arrives to begin the investigation and prompts NYPD Homicide Detective Frank Giardello (also producer Giovanni Ribisi was previously in George Gallo's earlier movie Middle Men) and Detective Jerry Eaans (Jason Antoon) to launch an investigation, the Abigail is distressed to find him outside her door, asking to question her. Having tried to acquire the dead woman's now vacant apartment to ensure her privacy, Abigail is further upset when her requests go unanswered, and new tenants Lillian and Charlie move in. Abigail anxiously monitors her new neighbors from the safety of her front door's peephole, but her well-ordered world begins to unravel when she finally encounters Lillian (Amy Smart) and Charlie (First non-comedic film for Jason Lee since The Ballad of Jack and Rose) face-to-face-and her sheltered existence becomes threatened in unexpected and terrifying ways.This is a nail-biting and exciting thriller well directed by George Gallo . The film contains suspense , thrills , twits and turns . From start to final the intrigue and thrilling scenes are continuous . This is a picture made among friends , as most of them either play , write or produce such as Giovanni Ribisi , Jason Lee and Kevin Polack . Good performance from Selma Blair as the attractive agoraphobic heiress who has not left her Manhattan loft apartment for almost two decades. All-star-support-cast formed by known actors as Jason Lee , Kevin Pollack , Robert Guillaume and the veteran Beau Bridges as a Doctor and her sole confidant for most of her life . Suspenseful and moving musical score by Brian Tyler . Colorful though sometimes dark cinematography by Anastas Michos . The flick was compellingly written and realized by George Gallo . He is a prestigious writer such as ¨Bad boys I and II ¨ and ¨Midnight run¨ ; being an expert filmmaker on comedy genre as proved in ¨My mom's new boyfriend¨ , Double take¨ , and ¨Trapped in Paradise¨ . His greatest success is ¨The middle man¨ and ¨Colombus Circle¨ results to be his only thriller .