Foremost, an introduction for "the uninitiated" ones. Various years ago, a "new age" (to call it on some way) movement around the numbers 11:11 began to form, because many people were finding them in their clocks (and other everyday occurrences) with a frequency which exceeded the simple random...like if it was a cosmic message of an uncertain meaning. So, the "experts" on these subjects started to form a complex mythology over those numbers (and other similar ones, such as 12:34, 2:22, etc.), which suggested supernatural influences, heavenly entities and of course, prophecies related to the dates including those numbers. Independently from the legitimacy of that movement (which, in my humble opinion, is as credible as the "crowd demons" and the study of the "rods"), director and screenwriter Darren Lynn Bousman decided to make a movie focused on that subject in order to take advantage of the closeness to November 11th, 2011 (11-11-11). Leaving the fact that the date came and went away without any apparent consequence aside, 11-11-11 is a mediocre horror film.There are some good ideas in the screenplay from 11-11-11, and a honest intention of merging the spiritual beliefs with a pragmatic and skeptical point of view. However, Bousman did not know how to exactly conciliate the 11-11-11 mythology with its dialectical experiments about religion and divine (or satanic) influence, and as a consequence, the screenplay quickly degenerates into a confusing combination of dull conversations between the main character and his brother, and various attempts to scare us with the sinister entities which round the characters. To be honest, Bousman's direction could achieve some genuine "old school" shocks, without digital effects nor melodramatic exaggerations.Besides, I have to mention that I liked the ending, when the loose ends are tied and the importance of the date, as well as of the cosmic messages received by the main character, are revealed. However, that is made with the old trick of repeating various scenes in order to, retrospectively, make us notice of their importance and their function in the screenplay's puzzle; but I felt that as a weak effort from the movie to say "See? Everything was planned from the beginning!", while the sensation 11-11-11 left on me is the one of being an improvised and whimsically built story with various elements which never totally fit into the screenplay. For the rest, the performances are functional, the atmosphere feels appropriately somber and the cinematography creates a moderate suspense.In conclusion, I can give 11-11-11 a slight recommendation because it has some positive elements. However, I found it occasionally a bit boring, and I think that the screenplay feels generally too forced in order to be genuinely satisfactory.