Crime thriller about a teen believes that her father's suicide was murder . After popular and charismatic megachurch leader Hamilton Spears (Malcolm-Jamal Warner) is killed, his teenage daughter Hannah's (Shanica Knowles) life goes off the rails . The only thing keeping her together is her new boyfriend, Oliver . When she finds evidence pointing to a church conspiracy and threats toward her father, she is determined to prove that Hamilton's death was a cruel murder . She uncovers a conspiracy among church members and the possibility that her mother, Martha Spears to be a murderer . As she gets closer to the truth, she realizes her own mother (Tamala Jones in a Hamlet's Gertrudis role alike) along with her lover (Michael Beach who plays Claudio role alike) may be involved in her father's murder and that the boy (Romeo Miller at an Ofelia character alike) she is falling in love with may be the son of his killer.This Lifetime original production includes murder , adultery , twists , turns and a series of lies . Megachurch Murder" is not your typical church movie . The story centers on the mysterious death of pastor which causes his teenage daughter to go off the rails , she then discovers by means of a computer her father may have been murdered . The flick bears remarkable resemblance to Shakespeare's Hamlet play , taking here and there several situations and personages such as Gertrudis , Claudio , Polonio , Laertes , Ofelia and even Rosencrantz y Guildenstern . The picture has a good cast and support actors who give acceptable acting . As Tamala Jones has spent the past two decades making a name for herself in Hollywood and now her hard work is paying off in big ways , Jones currently stars as Lanie Parish on ABC's long-running series "Castle" , here she plays a devious church lady in Lifetime's upcoming original movie "Megachurch Murder" , and she played a role in the minister's death . The real starring results to be Shanika Knowles in a Hamlet role alike , she plays some songs too . The movie packs an atmospheric and appropriate cinematography . Adequate as well as thrilling musical score by Sean Murray , a TV usual composer . The motion picture was professionally directed by Darin Scott . Darin is a nice actor , writer , producer and director, known for Something wicked (2014) , American Horror House (2012) , Dark House (2009), Caught Up (1998) and Tales from the Hood (1995) . Rating : passable and decent direct to video film .