-The Return (2015) movie review: -The Return is the latest film by director Ryan Prin- oh. Well I am going to be biased here. No way around it. Aaaand since it has a runtime over 45 minutes, here we go! So The Return follows a small group of people who become locked in a music theater with a masked man, and they must escape before it is too late! -I said I was going to be biased, but that is not necessarily a good thing, because I do believe this is one of my lesser projects. Now the backstory behind it is that we were testing camera equipment and decided to turn it into a film. The final result being a somewhat unprepared film that lacks in several arenas. Silly me.-The story is moderately cliché and there was no script. Always a bad idea. However I do like that not everything gets explained. Can ambiguity make of for cliché? Nah.-The pace is good in my opinion.-The acting is good for the most part. The film stars the crew that was testing equipment, featuring Ryan Prince, who it not too bad, but totally forgettable in the role; Charles Payne, who is really funny, Arielle Geiwitz, who successfully adds a lot of suspense the film would not have without her (in a good way); Daron Faltz, who does a really good job with some improvisation, and Gabe Garcia, who has my favorite improve moment in the film.-The characters are interesting to say the least. The two leads are compelling because of their backstory and how that develops later on. Arielle's character is shallow and cliché. That is in me, not her. Daron's character, the cop of the bunch, is interesting because you feel like he has his own story and own unique personality. Props to the cast yet again.-The music is from Marco Beltrami's "The Thing" (2011) and is fairly creepy and compelling. I would slam not having an original score, but for a film with no composer, the mix score suffices well.-There are some good moments in the film that, through the actors' improve, are really enjoyable. It has some creepy scenes that try to avoid cliché some. Because I hate jumpscares. So it is not all bad after all! -The quality of the film is not super-high because we were still testing all of the equipment. The lighting is unique, props to Chad and Gabe. The cinematography is functional, but inconsistent because there were three cameramen with one camera. The audio works and the editing works. The makeup team did a great job! Arielle Geiwitz can make subtle makeup very well.-To wrap up the praise to everyone but me, the idea of the film and the way it was executed is somewhat lazy. Not having a script is unacceptable and it has some very amateur elements to it. However, there are some moments that shine because of a great cast/crew and make it somewhat entertaining. Especially if you know them, as I suspect much of this target audience does. I personally think it is not worth the time, but it will be free on IMDb and YouTube in a few days, so if you feel like checking it out, I would really appreciate the support! -The Return, not having an official rating, would equal a PG-13 rating for peril, some violence, and some mild language and slurs. Nothing bad, just a few remarks here-and-there that extreme people would not love. Like the writer of Christian spotlight extreme.-Have you seen The Return? What did you think? Be sure to leave a like or a comment letting me know! Also it is available for rating on IMDb and will be available for watching very soon! I would really appreciate the support if anybody were to rate it!