Saw 'Desert Redemption', being fond of horror regardless of budget (even if not my favourite genre) and being intrigued somewhat by the idea. Being behind on my film watching and reviewing, with a long to watch and review list that keeps getting longer, it took me a while to get round to watching and reviewing it.Giving 'Desert Redemption' a fair chance with being interest and apprehension, it turned out to be far better than expected. Won't say that 'Desert Redemption' is a great film because it isn't and the potential, while not wasted, is not fully lived up to. Considering the large number of films seen recently being mediocre and less and wasting potential, was expecting worse and was relieved that while wanting in a fair few areas it was actually one of my better recent low-budget viewings.'Desert Redemption' started off quite well, the first twenty minutes or so starting the film off on a promising, unsettling and atmospheric note that really does intrigue. Production values were nowhere near as cheap as expected, and the music, which not the most memorable in the world, didn't detract from the atmosphere. The setting is effective and the acting was not bad all round. Although the ending generally was rushed, it still satisfied because there was a sense of resolution with a main character's motivations. The message is well intentioned and is not laid on thick too much. The direction doesn't feel phoned in. However, the story is generally too thin and uneventful after a good deal of promise. Too much of the film is vague and doesn't explore some elements and story strands enough, things happen too conveniently. Too much is also too drawn out with sluggish pacing and too many parts with aimless hiking in the desert that adds little. Would have liked much more tension and suspense for a situation calling for both and surprises and emotional impact were little.Found too the script to lack natural flow and with a bit of cheese going on, and the characters bland with not enough development, other than the father and even then it took time to get there, and some adopting some annoying and not always logical decision making.Overall, better than expected but not great still. 5/10 Bethany Cox