What a treasure from the 70's this film is. I recently watched this film and it was a true joy for me. I worked in the film industry as a camera man in L.A. back in the 70's and 80's when this was being made. I remember the buzz in Hollywood/L.A. about this picture about stunt work in the movies. The filming in part,took place in Hollywood Ca. and at the MGM studio's in Culver City Ca. I enjoyed the insight of the Director,Brian Trenchard Smith, in presenting the contribution stuntmen made in making motion pictures back then. Keep in mind, no CGI in 78', and most of the stuntmen working then took some pretty incredible risks to get the shot called for by the directors, to make scenes look as real as possible for the films they worked in. The stuntman,Grant Page, was excellent in the lead roll as he talks about the business of stuntwork in film, and what it took to be a stuntman back then. It is a inside look from the stuntman who made it look real. I also want to say something about the music. This band "SORCERY" from L.A. was a well respected band in Hollywood. They had a huge following as I remember. On one occasion I remember there was a line around the block to see them at the "Whiskey" on Sunset Blvd, when they were performing there. Sometime after that, I also had the pleasure of seeing Sorcery perform, playing with Van Halen (SORCERY was the headliner)and I never forgot them either. They had the most amazing live stage show I ever saw. They were unforgettable, and very accomplished musicians as well. A true a one of a kind group. Sorcery presented the battle of "good vs. evil" as Merlin against Satan played out live on stage. You really had to see this show live to appreciate it! They blended magic and music together like no one had ever done,or seen before. Very entertaining and they were years ahead of their time. It was Brians T. Smith's, masterstroke bringing these two entities together,for his vision for the film Stuntrock. Sorcery and Grant Page were perfect for this project. The movie showed only a small part of SORCERY's live stage show. I also think Sorcery is responsible for a large amount of the success now seen for the picture some 30 years after being made in 1978, and they are a major contributer to it's present day underground cult status. The musicianship Sorcery showed in concert was second to none! I know the musicians from Sorcery played on other movies,did TV music work, records and did Dick Clark specials as well from that period. Brian's vision to make this film was somewhat limited,with a small budget and short time to complete, however he was smart to put Sorcery and Grant Page together for this unique look at stuntwork and music together. I will watch this again and again,for it's entertainment value and Sorcery's great music.