Usually, I only review Horror films. However, in this case, I gladly make an exception. The first review I've seen for this film has been titled "I Don't Get Why This is Only a 5", which has really made me happy. Finally I'm not the only one to notice how painfully unfair some of the reviews and ratings are on this site.On The Inside tells the story of a man locked up in an asylum for the criminally insane. The story and screenplay are interesting, compelling and realistic, giving the audience just the right amount of "suspension of disbelief". The build up in regards to some of the characters could have been slightly more elaborate, and the film altogether could have been longer, but considering the final product - Director/Writer D.W. Brown has done a great job.The absolute best part in my opinion is the acting. Nick Stahl, whom I've only seen in Terminator 3, has been given a much greater challenge, to which he stood up beautifully. However, with all due respect, the supporting cast have been the ones to truly leave an impression on me. House MD's own Olivia Wilde, as beautiful as always, has really done a great job playing the role of Bi-Polar patient Mia, and Dash Mihok has done just as well in the role of murdering sociopath Carl Tarses. However, the Oscar obviously and most definitely goes to Pruitt Taylor Vince. The way he played the role of Ben Marshal has been no less than an inspiration. I honestly felt like standing up and applauding, and if I were to ever meet him - I'd sure like to shake his hand. Perhaps most of the audience, who have never seen the inside of an asylum before nor met the inhabitants, couldn't have really appreciated the fine delicate nuances of the superb acting and how realistically the cast have portrayed the characters, but it was truly amazing.Perhaps the film could have used a more prominent twist in the plot, and altogether a longer story. However, all in all, not since Jack Nicklseon in "The Cuckoo's Nest" have we been blessed with such a fine work of art showing the lives of the criminally insane. I've been deeply impressed by "On The Inside", and would highly recommend it to anyone and everyone, if only for the superb acting!