"Cedar Rapids" an independent release comedy certainly brings plenty of laughs and fun in fact it's one of the better comedy and feel good movies I've saw recently. After viewing I had a smile on my face and felt happy with feel good energy. It proves that life is about having fun and you can still be true to yourself and those around you. Plus the all star cast had well working chemistry that made the film more enjoyable to watch.Set in a small Wisconsin town a nerd and dork of an insurance salesman Tim Lippe(well done by Ed Helms)only has one thing to occupy his time besides selling insurance, and that's being seduced by a former seventh grade teacher of his and that is Macy(Sigourney Weaver who still looks good after all these years!) a serious no commitment professional cougar type. Yet after the local firm's top selling agent dies Tim's world is turned upside down when he's picked to attend a Midwest regional insurance convention in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. And this will be a big step for the sheltered small town boy Tim who's never traveled to far.Upon arrival in Cedar Rapids, Iowa in the nice hotel suite things seem different and more wide open. As with any new travel entrance and journey new people are encountered and new adventures await as life is all about discovery and exploring. Tim's roommates are like daylight and dark first is veteran Minnesota salesman Ronald Wilkes(a strong turn by Isiah Whitlock Jr.)and he's knowledgeable and serious but helpful. And then you have the wide open and party boy drinker Wisconsin salesman Dean Ziegler(over the top and wildly done by John C. Reilly). Now enter the spice and sugar to the cake Tim encounters Joan(Anne Heche in a very sexy performance especially the pool scene)a free spirited and talkative lady who's not shy about having fun even though she's a married lady with kids. This trio will clearly help Tim open up and come out of his shell. Along the way the late nights, alcohol, and parties are just downright fun and laughable. Neat was also seeing at the hotel club the Jack Nicholson impersonator! Thru it all Tim will learn a lot as a side of him is opened up along the way though he learns still to be truthful to himself and his new trio of friends which will lead to a new path for all of them by the end of the film. "Cedar Rapids" is an excellent feel good comedy with plenty of laughs and feel good fun it proves life is about opening up as it's meant for new friends and new discoveries on each adventure trip one takes. In the process one will learn to to be truthful with themselves and others making for a meaningful lesson after discovering newfound fun and breaking out of a sheltered living like Tim did. Overall a smiling face and thumbs up for "Cedar Rapids" as both the cast and story was excellent and meaningful.