This film deserves more than one viewing, in fact, watch it a few times and see if you don't find yourself swept away by its many charms. Much of what goes unspoken in dialog is expressed in the subtlety of the the superb performances by Liv Mjönes, Ruth Vega Fernandez and the stellar supporting cast. Swedish superstar Lena Endre, so enamored of this production, became one of the films producers. The story's strength, sensitive writing and direction by Alexandra-Therese Keining brought together an ensemble of Sweden's finest actors for this relatively low budget indy film. Another thing to keep in mind, for America audiences in particular, is this film portrays European culture which has sensibilities pronouncedly different in the expression of day-to-day human interactions than their American counterparts. How these differences play out on film is quieter and more complex than your typical rom-com or American style drama. What goes unspoken is caught and translated within the context of every expression in every frame of film. The gorgeous cinematography and lushly sublime score adds subtext to every scene, while light and color underscore the blossoming of true love.The fresh-faced, no make-up, every-day hair and simplicity of style, lends an authenticity which engages one into the story and lets you feel the characters in every scene. Character development and the pure talent of the supporting cast, (Krister Henriksson, Lena Endre, Joakim Nätterqvist, Tom Ljungman and producer actress Josephine Tengblad) add a layer of complexity that rounds out and fills in the on-screen canvas. Mia's anxiety is palpable and her outbursts make one as nervous as if she were sitting next to you, all the while Frida's inexorable charm and playfulness fills you with the giddiness of first love which turns out be the real story of this film. Oh, and the on-screen chemistry between Frida and Mia is a breath-taking testament to great casting and inspired performance.So, watch "Kiss Me" again with a fresh eye, trained for how much can be said in a single look or gestures ripe with context, subtext and beautifully delivered one word lines like, "Absolut" or "Precis." Notice how that makes you feel, then remember when you found that brand of magic in your own life--or go out and find it.