You know that something smells fishy when you start seeing people who didn't rate anything else EVER giving this movie 1 star. People who don't even bother creating a profile here. How strange that the only people doing it so and ranting about it are these unknown characters that came out of nowhere and disappeared the same way.Allow me to review this film, in a first step, by focusing on the strange negative comments these suspicious people left.Like the one tiled "this movie lowered the IQ in the room", whose author states "(...) perfect example of how people who know nothing, (...), can be easily manipulated (...). In order to rate this movie above a 1, you would have to have a similar I.Q." I guess those people would have IQs in the range of the 130s, since that's where I stand and I'm giving it a 10. In a different comment, we read "(...) you will spend most of the following day restocking your booze supply after having angrily consumed it all attempting to finish the thing". I suppose this is the I.Q. type the other individual refers to and identifies with. I'm glad I'm not part of them so.Finally, we find in yet another example of absurd comments: "The film talks about Koch Industries being a "major polluter", but it doesn't talk about what they produce,(...) like describing Shakespeare as a major waste of paper, or Mozart as a major polluter of silence! (...) Koch Industries produce products that are used by hundreds of millions of people,(...) they donate billions of dollars to medical research (...) who needs science when you already have an angry mob?". Holy cow! Now we are comparing a couple of eco-terrorists (in the true meaning of the word, not that definition the government wants to brainwash citizens with), bribers and manipulators to Shakespeare and Mozart! This reviewer simply decides to ignore the truth and believe that, if millions of people want to waste resources given by a bunch of industries destroying their very home planet, there cannot be anything wrong with it. After all, so many people cannot be wrong... The only reason for which they give money to cancer research is because, at least one of them, is dying of cancer! And god forbid if it's a research free of wasted resources or animal suffering (including great apes). The more pain these brothers can cause the better. The final touch is given by that sentence about science and an angry mob... How ridiculous is to defend lies with science, when all the brothers do is against reason and common sense. Anyone defending the destruction of life for profit is fighting rational thought and, therefore, science.Alas, I'm not a political person, rather anti-political, so terms like libertarian, socialist, conservative, etc. don't say much to me. What it does speak volumes to me is action. And these brothers' agenda says it all. They want free market, meaning more power to the already powerful. Because they are part of it and, therefore, get something from it. And they are pushing it into schools (reminds me of the same tactics used by those claiming an "intelligent design" and denying evolution). They lobby for oil, gas and chemical industries. No surprise, they are also getting money from it. Who cares about the planet when you can put some millions in your pocket? Climate change? Yeah, right! The Koch brothers are oil suckers, earth destroyers, tea party puppets. We are talking about people who paid more than $400 million in fines, penalties and judgments from 1999 to 2003 for environmental and safety related issues. People who illegally discharge crude oil and petroleum products and get the largest civil fine ever imposed on a company under any federal environmental law. These are people who don't and won't give a damn about you, me or our home, Planet Earth, as long as they have a dollar to put in their pocket, and they will continue to lie, manipulate and hurt in order to achieve their goals. Because these people base their fortune in the destruction of life, the extermination of the lower classes, and the consummation of their orgasmic, twisted, apocalyptic fantasies.As a final statement, I will just point out how absurd it is for people to criticize this film because it shows what the Koch brothers do, without wanting to put itself in their shoes. To those complaining about this, let me ask: if this movie was about a rapist, or a pedophile, would you also want to know how great he feels about it, or a number of reasons why he enjoys it so much, even when those reasons are irrational? Would you also complain about the fact that the film doesn't show all its sources when they are widely known and readily available for anybody interested in them? Would they want the movie to sympathise with the children molester and tell the supposedly good deeds he did like opening a kindergarten or giving private lessons to kids, even when those were just a way to achieve his disturbed pleasures? The Koch brothers are, simply, evil. There's no reason to try to defend them unless you are like them. Like pedophiles, they do what they do for their personal gain, and there's no reason to try to defend what it's not logically defensible. You don't do a movie about a heartless pedophile who enjoys torturing children in order to try to put the public on the side of his perverse mentality. You just show the evil he does so people mobilize to try to stop it. This documentary does the same. No need for arguments nor numbers when you have right-in-your-face realities.