First let me say that whether you believe everything in this doc or not, it is an EXCELLENT starting point for researching your own history if you are of African descent. You are supposed to follow up information with your own research. With that being said, MOST of what was given in this film is EASILY verifiable with PUBLIC records not to memtion documented literature written by white authors so the idea that these are fairy-tales that Black people desperately want to believe in is absurd. I think it's important to note that most of the bad negative reviews are from whites. If I were white I too would be reluctant to embrace information that paints me as a savage who has lied to masses of people throughout history to secure my global supremacy. So without a doubt their response would be to denounce it all as false and as delusional Africans but I want Black people to keep this in mind when considering their responses:These are the descendants of people who told you that Columbus discovered America when they knew full well that it was not true. Not only Did they tell u that they TAUGHT it ttoo u and put it in official school text books. These are the people who made it illegal for your ancestors to read or learn. Why do u think that was? What would knowledge do for you? These are the people who have fought tooth and nail against every advancement blacks have made in this country. These are the people who largely refuse to admit life began in Africa. The reviewer above said the Black people in this doc are using words they don't understand. How Did he determine they don't comprehend these words? So bc they are Black they cannot be intellectual enough to have an extensive vocabulary? And these are the people who expect you to take their negative reviews of this film at face value yet take the word of the people who's sole purpose is to enlighten you, uplift you, and correct the psychological damage done to you, they are asking you to take these people's word with a grain of salt? Think wisely and remember who you're dealing with. I'm not saying everything in this film is100% accurate but research for yourself and don't let non Africans who's entire existence is based on white privilege needs for everything in this film to be untrue. They've never wanted us to know our true history.