I attended the Canadian premier viewing of The Red Pill in Edmonton, AB on October 27, 2016.The film itself was.. at times.. very hard to watch... at times funny.. at times I could hear everyone bite their tongues.. at other times spitting out in disgust.Cassie Jay pieced together something marvelous... serious as hell... heartbreaking at times... she captured the struggle of both hers, and likely everyone in that theatre, faced in their Red Pill Journey.Cassie also did something brilliant... she let the hypocrites tie themselves in knots. She gave them a platform.. and put a camera on them.. asked them a straightforward question.. and let them expose their biases of their own free will.The hard parts were not so much the interviews of the people who are hostile to men and boys.. it was the realisation of just how deep, how buried, the Red Pill perspective really is in the world. There is a desperation, and a hope.. but the struggle was the underlying connection from start to finish of this film.Oh... and what a relief this film must be to people like Paul Elam and Tom Golden and Warren Farrell. Decades of struggling to say what this film is saying coming to life in a sceptical yet honest format.. and delivered unapologetic-ally to the world at large.What struck me the most, as I sat there at the end of the film, was that the film existed at all. This film is not good news to feminists.. as it gets out it will shake the very foundations of the narratives they claim to be supporting. The Red Pill Movie is a direct threat to the people who profit from the feminist false threat narrative.So expect this film to see resistance like no other. Expect this film to be ignored as long as possible... then Cassie will be slandered, portrayed as a sell-out, a liar... the typical feminist reactions.I was both overjoyed yet deeply sad. This emotional roller-coaster of being happy for the existence of this little piece of truth in film compared to the massive task of having to coax the world to break from the hypnosis of the mainstream entertainment/programming to face something a lot of them don't want to face.That said, it needs to get done. At the end of the film the audiences questions surrounded how to get this film out there, and others like it.Every human on earth should see this. This is one of those films that is so timely, so vital, so critical to the progress of our civilization that it needs to get as much exposure as possible. If you can manage to find a showing that is within travel range.. make the investment, you won't regret the experience.