From Morgan to Lizzie Velasquez
November 11, 2018To You Lizzie,I was not aware of your life's work before today--or of your ability to touch and encourage the lives of so many. I myself live in relative isolation; most of my family has either passed on, or is living in far-off countries. I write in hopes that you may read this note.Lizzie, thank you for sharing yourself and some moments from your life experience with so many of us. In the last hour, I have watched your TEDx talk twice, as well as the trailer of your recent film A Brave Heart. In a few minutes, I'll order your DVD.I love the messages you so generously share with all of us. Today, you changed how I see myself. Having just been introduced to you through your online presence, I suddenly feel less "trapped" between wanting to change how I look, and being deathly afraid to change at all--and resenting this "uninvited dilemma."I deal with a different biological syndrome than you do. I'm trans, and I have known this since I was three years old. As a kid, I always wanted to change my appearance to that of a girl and to live, work, learn and love as a woman among women.You are a beautiful young woman, and a generous, lovely person. I hear it in your voice, and I see it in your eyes; your joy in living encourages all of us. I'm a retired educator and, in less than a day, you are teaching me to love myself, and to be grateful for the many, many blessings of my life.Already, you are encouraging me to ask, "Morgan, how do you truly define yourself?" This is a precious invitation to new becoming; you free me from fear, and I am very grateful for your guidance. It's as if you are giving me a new basis upon which to know, accept, and love my own gift of Life.Bless you and thank you, Lizzie. You are a spunky, intelligent, lovely young woman. You give life to so many (and so very visible in the faces of your packed TEDx audience), and I am very grateful for my connection today with your wisdom and your presence with all of us.Sincerely,Morgan