This obviously low budget killer clown flick had me in two minds. Finding out it was a re-imagining of the horror short or the same name, that eventually found its way into the horror anthology film "All hallows eve" kind of put me off. I saw that film a while ago and although Art the clown was a terrifying clown to look at, the film itself did nothing for me. Then after reading all the reviews on here, most of them completely glowing I was even more sceptical. Most low budget films on here are riddled with 10 star reviews from the crew and cast members so it's hard to trust reviews from people who have written ONE glowing review on a new movie.However, this film deserves all the plaudits it is getting if you are looking for a gruesome, un-nerving and downright bonkers horror film. Makes Pennywise look like Krusty was one of the comments I read, yeah right, then I watched it and was like, ok, so it actually makes Pennywise look like one of the Grumbleweeds, nevermind Krusty.Art the clown is freakin terrifying in this, I don't know who the guy playing him is, I've never heard of him before but he deserves so much credit for bringing this evil beast to life. He is so creepy and brutal, it's difficult to watch at times and the death scenes in this film make Saw and Hostel look tame.Yes it's not perfect by any means, the acting from some of the side characters could have been better (the main cast are fine) and one of the female victims in the second half of the film does some really stupid things that got on my nerves a bit and it is one of those films where (this always annoys me with horror movies) several victims have the villain at their mercy, lying on the ground while they are standing up holding a weapon, and what do they do? They run away and leave the villain to get back up again, really? You've just seen this clown brutally murder your friend and has attempted to murder you, you have him lying on the ground, completely at your mercy and what do you do? Finish him off and then make your escape? Nope, you leave him breathing, discard your weapon and run away, it's cliché and tired.However, people who watch films like this generally come for the atmosphere, the scares and the gore and in that department, Terrifier delivers in spades. everything reeks of the 80's despite it being set in modern times from the way its filmed, the music, the camera work etc but it really does have to be one of the most brutal, unforgiving and absolutely relentless horror films I've ever watched.Art the clown is great and is easily one of the most memorable movie monsters I've seen, despite the fact he never speaks or makes a noise, his screen presence is immense.
There is no CGI in this film and all the special effects are done practical and they look great, it shy's away from nothing and the effects look as realistic as they could have done. The effects team put a lot of effort in here.If you're one of those people who watch movies and pick holes in them, then you might not enjoy this as there are holes to pick at and if you don't enjoy torture porn like Saw and Hostel, again, avoid, but if like me, you like good slasher films, brutality in all its glory and a film that makes you squirm in your seat, then chances are, you're gonna love this.Low budget, lovingly made for its target audience, brutal, creepy and an absolute blast of a horror film.8/12 10