American Fright Fest - formerly Fright Fest- is a 2018 American horror feature film directed by Ante Novakovic from a screenplay by Robert Gillings. The movie stars Dylan Walsh, Madison McKinley, Romeo Miller and Mercy Malick.An old Asylum is reopened on Halloween night by the town mayor! A Live fright fest is being hosted by a washed up drug addicted, drunk horror Director Spencer Crowe. The role played by Dylan Walsh returns to horror after a descent turn in the remake of Stepfather!
Him and his horror crew are given a tour by the charming Mercy Malick. Your in for a good time with her ridiculous accented tour. Her cameo is a highlight and always a pleasure to watch.
On the night of the live event a bus crashed full of insane criminals. An evil blood thirsty one (Johnathan Camp) and the not so insane one trying to stop him played by Luke Baines.
 Everything starts out fun but soon takes a turn for the worse. The killer gears up traditional Slasher style. A creepy mask and a sachet of weapons. Everyone starts getting killed in typical Slasher fashion. Funny thing is because of the setting it takes time for people to notice it's not part of the show but real.
All exits are locked and electrified and slowly they are picked off. Who will survive.
This is a very enjoyable throwback to the great Slasher flicks. The Director Ante Novakovic has fun with this and shows his love of the genre.
A cool killer and like able characters led by a really dedicated assistant played by Pancho Moler make this a real fun summer horror movie.
Spencer Crowe may be more evil than the actual killer. How fun is his character and how much can you hate him yet still get drawn in with his crazy antics! 
Does not make fun of the genre like so many of these movies but embraces all the things fans love.
At the end of the movie I really wanted more. 
Available on Demand!Cast and characters:Dylan Walsh ... Spencer Crowe - The Stepfather (2009)
Madison McKinley ... Taylor
Romeo Miller ... Rico
Mercy Malick ... Estelle
Ashley Blankenship ... Maxine
Luke Baines ... Mason
Pancho Moler ... Finkle
Robert Scott Wilson ... Steph
Heather Ann Davis ... Janie
Jonathan Camp ... Ruben
Kresh Novakovic ... Mayor Fowler
Michael Kupisk ... Philip Blake
Christopher Mann ... Michael Berger
Yanina Studilina ... Broken Ballerina
Peter Patrikios ... Stanley