Twenty years ago, people decided to play with evolution and resurrected long-extinct species. The amusement park, where the main attraction was dinosaurs, was to be a hit, but became famous for its tragic deaths. After a while people decided to give a lucrative idea a second chance, and here appeared the "World of the Jurassic period", offering visitors an unforgettable family vacation. But how much safer is it than its predecessor?Return to the big screens of great and toothy was just a matter of time. The story was too good to leave her alone. Inspired by a new life entrusted to director Colin Trevorow, who himself is a big fan of dinosaurs. He decided to show how he could bring the insatiable and out-of-control desire of humanity to be constantly entertained. In pursuit of money and new impressions, they bring out a new species, never before stepped on our planet. What can go wrong?The characters of the film, especially as for those who work in such a dangerous amusement park, where accidents happen all the time, are mostly too careless and narrow-minded. The owner of the island does not know at all what is being deduced in his laboratories, the security system operates only when the animals behave decently, one wants to write down as a matter of fact the wild raptors to serve in the army, and children can easily escape and during an alarm to stay alone on the field among dinosaurs, because the employees of the attraction are too busy saving their skins and incompetent to the limit. And what to do, when a huge dangerous predator of a new breed escapes, nobody knows at all.Well, that on the island works a certain Owen, who almost only understands that dinosaurs are living creatures, not toys. Chris Pratt's play here is pretty plausible, especially its interaction with the raptors. In the light of rumors that he might become the new Indiana Jones, it was nice to see him in a similar image, which he is very much following. The Pratt company is Bryce Dallas Howard, for whom this is the next vivid role after the "Servants". She has her own moments and potential, but it feels like the writers specifically held her back so that she did not become equal with him, preferring to keep her heroine in the shadow of Owen. By the way, the only actor from the original was BD Wong, who again embodied Dr. Henry Wu."The world of the Jurassic period" is clearly aware that it is simultaneously the continuation of the original, and the restart of history, which should breathe new life into the franchise. To the very original, creators reacted almost with sacred trembling, references to "Park" are found throughout the entire film. There is even a character-geek performed by Jake Johnson, who seems to be the embodiment of the fandom.Steven Spielberg, of course, put his hand to this continuation of his prehistoric brainchild, but only as an executive producer. Together with Trevorow and the huge team behind the creation of this blockbuster, we are going to an island where many would like to visit, despite the deadly danger in its cages.The dinosaurs themselves on the screen impress with their realism. When raptors appear, it's like seeing old and almost kind friends. With them, there are a lot of great moments, in particular their communication with Owen. Their joint pursuit, depicted on the poster for the film, is one of the most exciting moments of the franchise. But the most impressive episode is the final battle of dinosaurs. I was delighted with who the writers were instructed to save everyone from the new predator. The original is always steeper than any remake.Continuing 2 hours, this adventure will not let you get bored and will please the dinosaur lovers, who opened their mouths with surprise and delight at viewing the "Park". The plot of "Peace" is based on the idea that formed the basis of the original: people played in the gods. Heroes again create what they can not control, and then pay for it. It would seem that it is time for mankind to learn from its mistakes, but, judging by the history, we often do them again and again. And the creation of dinosaurs is far from the most serious of them.Crossing the types of the most dangerous dinosaurs, it is worth to be prepared for the fact that family rest on such an island will turn into a chase for survival.