In "What's Your Number?" casual and cool Chris Evans walks with distraught, yet upbeat Anna Faris on the Boston street. His Colin says, "Ally, what guy really cares about the number of guys you slept with?" Great scene. Surprisingly, "What's Your Number?" is actually pretty good. Director Mark Mylod's movie is the latest of the raunchy in your face romantic comedies in the mold of "Bridesmaids", but not as well crafted. Based on the novel by Karyn Bosnak, "20 Times a Lady", the screenplay by Gabrielle Allan and Jennifer Crittenden is initially blunt and crass, and void of whimsy. This also explains the affinity for Lionel Richie songs. "What's Your Number?" wants to be "The Hangover", but lacks the cleverness. Part of the deal is that many of the characters are uninteresting caricatures. Fortunately, Faris and Evans breathe life into Colin and Ally, and we can authentically pull for them. Blythe Danner as Ally's controlling and disapproving Mom Ava also generates a hilarious edge.Ally (Faris) is having a bad time. She is laid off by her Boss Roger (funny and weird Joel McHale) at her advertising job in the City. Her current clueless vegan boyfriend Rick (funny Zachary Quinto) refuses to go with Ally to her perfect younger sister Daisy's (quirky Ari Graynor) wedding. Daisy is marrying the love of her life, awesome Eddie (charming and handsome Oliver Jackson-Cohen). Ally is also the reluctant mediator for Daisy and their Mom (Danner). Daisy wants to invite their estranged Dad (wacky Ed Begley Jr.), more drama. Ally has an odd epiphany. She reads an article, related to the Bosnak novel's conceit, that a woman has a near zero probability of finding "the one" after 20 lovers. Ally does a sex inventory. According to her calculations she is at the tipping point: 19. This is revealed in a hysterical bar game with Ally's girlfriends, with copious penis and vagina jokes. Most of the jokes are funny.Enter struggling musician and handsome player Colin (Evans). Colin is Ally's apartment neighbor (she is in 6C, duh). Every morning Colin retrieves his newspaper covering his shredded body with a kitchen towel. Evans's breezy charm and fun, out shines his abs—no small feat. Ally strikes a deal with Colin. She will allow him to hide at her place after his one-night stands; in exchange Colin will help her track down the 20 dudes she slept with. Yes, 20—you have to see the movie. If Ally can get with one of the 20, then she will escape her fate. Colin has a gift for this, coming from a family of police officers. Evans is sunny and playful, yet gives Colin a quiet personal passion for his music. He and Faris have an easy chemistry that works. Ally's true passion is crafting clay miniatures. In context, the whimsical chemistry and partnership of Colin and Ally is predictable. Oh, wait this is after all a romantic comedy. I think screenwriters Crittenden and Allan rediscover their narrative path as they veer back to standard romantic comedy, instead of shock and awe comedy. For one thing it is more satisfying.Conflict arises albeit manufactured. Colin actually locates Ally's high school sweetheart, the mysterious and enigmatic Jake Adams (brilliantly stiff and vibrant Dave Annable). Jake is from a rich family and is now an international benefactor. Colin hides this from Ally, but she uncovers the conspiracy. From Colin's point of view, how can he compete? Mom Ava would be elated.Faris and Evans make "What's Your Number?" work despite its shortfalls. They have a hysterical strip basketball game of HORSE in Boston Garden. And when they fall for each other, it is authentic. Too bad the material is not witty or evolved enough. Faris is perky and spirited in spite of it all as Ally. She brilliantly never overplays it. Faris fleshes out well a seemingly sketchy character. Evans is fun and surprisingly vulnerable. He is great as the aloof charmer, who really has a big heart. Evans's strong suit may be action hero. I think he is a gifted romantic comedy lead. "What's Your Number?" is predictable and could have been written better. But I like romantic comedies, because as general rule: they end well. Faris and Evans make it worth watching.