I was lucky enough to see "Detention of the Dead" at this year's FrightFest. Honestly, I went in not knowing what I should expect. I had only seen a couple teasers, and they really didn't do too much for me, so I didn't exactly have any expectations. It's such a simple basis that happens to be taken beyond that. A handful of kids are in detention...when a zombie outbreak hits. At first, I was thrown off by how cliché each character was. We have the nerd, the feisty goth, the stoner, the good looking jock bully, his meat-head friend, and of course the hot cheerleader. It's like they were all taken straight from "The Breakfast Club". Then it hit me...this is the joke! Just like those preps in "Tucker &amp; Dale Vs. Evil". This feel and tone was supposed to be of the classic Hughs films...and it worked so perfectly! The gore scale on this flick is great. For a movie that I hear had a low budget, they sure made due. The zombies looked sweet and there are some great and gory moments. I feel like this flick is also a gift for us zombie fans. It is packed with homages and references that made me giddy. I heard a lot of complaints from people, at Glasgow, that it wasn't scary. Here's the thing...I don't think scares were their biggest priority. Is it filled with tons of amazing zombie gore? Hell yes! Awesome zombies? Yes. But I think this is more-so a...dare I say light hearted(?)...comedy...that happens to be centered in a zombie apocalypse. The cast was great. Jacob Zachar (Eddie) has yet again created a wonderfully likable nerd character. I found myself both feeling embarrassed for Eddie, at times, and rooting for him. Alexa Nikolas (Willow) was so likable as the feisty and intellectual goth chick. I kept thinking...I'd be sticking with her, in this situation! Justin Chon (Ash) was so completely ridiculous as the stupid stoner...but I loved every second of his screen time. Everyone was great. As funny and gore packed as this movie is, it actually has a lot of sweet moments, and in a zombie movie...it works! I cannot wait to own this film!