Did you love the suspense of the original movie "The Hitcher"? If so you may want to seek out "The Millionaire Tour". I say seek because it isn't a movie you've likely heard of. That's not bad in this case as it is quite decent and keeps you on edge much like The Hitcher did. I only mention The Hitcher because it was a modest movie with edginess that rose above it's humbleness, and so does "The Millionaire Tour".This movie starts out with a simple, quite possible, premise where a man and woman duo, working for a person deemed to be a prominent criminal called "The Roman", hijack a taxi and it's hand-picked occupant. The occupant is himself a con-man who has committed some big-time wrongs to people who don't go down without seeking revenge...or is he? As lower-rung criminals will do the kidnappers are a bit greedy: they employ a graft called "the millionaire tour" to extract as much from their target as possible before handing him over to the man. Things get complicated adding to the suspense mightily.What you have here is a well-crafted thriller. It seethes and builds on the humble plot it has employed. In other words, a spartan movie that rises above the low-budget with its fine screenplay and good characterizations by those involved. Speaking of the cast, you may have seen several of the main players as they're highly photogenic, but it is likely you will recognize only one by name, Dominic Monaghan. Dominic has had some high-profile roles, the best known has to be playing the character of Simon in Lost. He's a good character actor - in that realm it is knocking on being A-list status. He doesn't disappoint here. The supporting cast, while unknown in name, deliver their character's roles in excellent fashion too. When given the chance I'm always amazed at what relatively unknown creative people can achieve when presented a worthy palate.If you like slow building suspenseful movies then this one is a no-brainer as it better than many big budget fiascoes whose suspense is based on explosions and body counts.