I viewed the film again as a parent; it is a disturbing millennial morality tale. It is carefully constructed and will have considerable impact on anyone of any age aware of the times and aware of the things "kids" face daily. Even with an mediocre moral compass, everyone has a choice which can send them spinning into chaos, and this film proves it. I think of Mr. Cobain's words that "there is a special place in hell for people who glamorize drugs", and this film provides an opportunity to see the descent into hell and the suffering of those in its rippling effect. This review is a personal struggle after the shock of a news article and watching the film again last night.Too many have thought that a designer drug, like designer clothing, would trend away. Yet, I read an April 29th, 2015, just yesterday, article with a cold, medical perspective and title that "hospital visits spike for new "Spice" drug". New Spice drug? It may be the medical community and more than half of America lives with eyes wide shut. Who has not had this tragedy touch their lives, directly or indirectly? Having purchased, viewed, and reviewed the film on other sites, I could not miss those who reviewed and explained that, like the drug, the film is outdated. I will be returning and attempt to respond to those in denial.I began viewing Not For Human Consumption as a cautionary tale directed to young people about designer drugs. However, within the first fifteen minutes I was forced to stop my viewing. Michael Rispoli so sharply portrays a parent, exhausted and heartbroken, it struck my soul. I realized that this film, relating to designer drugs--a subject of which I know nothing, was going to be more powerful than I expected. The film is a journey through universal themes from coming of age and sense of self to death and redemption. Nick Thurston does an excellent job transitioning through his character's life roles as the typical "gangsta" wannabe drugged out kid, to the enlightened, sober young man having spent three years in prison, to marketing genius and entrepreneur. This is not so much a success story, as it is a story about a man who learns things the hard way every time—until he grasps the need to reset his moral compass and his life. Well-crafted by a new director, Chris Alonso. This was the easiest choice in the Indie Awards, and Not For Human Consumption is a fine choice for you and your family. It is real, live, and today. Teach your children well.