The Conservatives hate George Soros and the Liberals hate the Koch Brothers. Which investor is worse depends on your bias. Coming from a Libertarian, the Koch brothers and Soros seem to be in a dead race for the most despicable humans. Robert Greenwald's Koch Brothers Exposed is a documentary that was born from a viral video online, and in sixty minutes, tries to tackle the macro issue of their heavy-handed ideology and how they have harmed and may continue to harm the United States as a whole.This is a hatchet-job in every sense of the word, yet one wonders if the Koch brothers have taken a hatchet to their own job, flaunting their bigotry and fighting to strip away benefit programs from Americans who desperately need them. They've continued their attempts to abolish Social Security, raise the retirement age, and spread false claims about many government programs. They've fueled their gas tank by funding politicians, news pundits, much of the media, and several organizations, along with crippling certain environments and slanting much of the research done by universities to fit their ideology.People like this show me nothing but how corrupt, unconvincing, and outdated the two-party system of America is. Are we supposed to be proud of this and are we supposed to shamelessly canonize it? Republicans and Democrats alike have proved their incompetence by not only limiting Americans in several ways, but also, showing us that behind the scenes is where most everything takes place and that we as the 99% are fortunate to see the little brief outtakes and clips on the networks. I usually sneer and roll my eyes at random conspiracy theories I find on the internet, yet with all the talk about Republicans preventing people from voting and Democrats finding another freedom to limit, I begin to see why one would believe there's more than meets the eye.The men got so filthy rich because they inherited so much of their father's wealth, who ran a successful oil business in communist Russia. They took some money and started their own business not long after in the United States, and now have a combined net worth of $31 billion. We meet several different people living in different parts of the United States, clearly struggling to make end's meet, and usually relying on Social Security, food stamps, welfare, or something to assure they'll see the sun of tomorrow. Greenwald then shows us how the Koch Brothers, Charles and Dave, two filthy rich venture capitalists who run Koch Industries, a massive company that specializes in the production of various chemicals, live with several multimillion dollar mansions in several parts of the country. Seeing these people, already fearing for their financial position in America, be tested by a large corporation and its ambition to deprive the same kind of people of their deserved benefits is a shameful act. I've long been a supporter of Capitalism, and on the contrary to many, I think it in its most basic and moderate form isn't greed but almost common sense; what the Koch brothers are doing is simply fulfilling their greediness in the world. Even Charles Koch states that they don't care what happens because at the end of the day, it's all about profits, right? The final part of this brief excursion is we see a small local community that has been impacted negatively by the tycoons, whose factories are one of the top-ten companies in the country that pollute deadly amounts of smoke in the air. Their factories spew thick clouds of repugnant smog that can cause asthma, cancer, and at worst, death. David Koch is an outspoken prostate cancer survivor, donating millions and millions to cancer research, yet one of his many factories is now causing the problem; one of the most disgusting cases of hypocrisy I have yet to see.Koch Brothers Exposed feels like a "greatest hits" CD of the most deplorable things the brothers have done over the course of their lifetime, and because of that, the editing and overall cutting job is messy and somewhat fast-paced for a documentary. But the film proposes too many issues and too many facts to be deemed as senseless propaganda. Something truly resonated with me when I came to the conclusion that these men could potentially buy the government if they wanted to, and transport us back to the 1950's, where your freedoms were thin and your gender roles defined you as a whole.Starring: Charles G. Koch, David H. Koch, Bernie Sanders, Van Jones, and Bill McKibben. Directed by: Robert Greenwald.