A good documentary with the most clips of Susan Oliver's career that will ever be assembled. As such it is also a valuable overview of the early days of television. However, several problems come up that call into question the resources and abilities of the filmmakers. The chief one is a lack of interviews or reflections from significant television and film industry peers. Ms. Oliver worked with scores of top-level actors, many of whom are still with us, yet none deigned to be in this documentary, despite almost certainly being asked. Especially curious is the absence of Jerry Lewis, with whom she made several movies and was clearly a friend who offered to pay her hospital bills at the end. We are left with heavy screen time given to lesser-known performers, some of whom didn't even know she was a pilot, undermining their own credentials as intimates. The one notable exception was David Hedison, although even he is hardly a household name. The film also heavily relies on lesser-known Hollywood writers, production people, and friends, many of whom are posed with their books (and sometimes artwork), offering plenty of praise but little real insight into Ms. Oliver's life and work. While famous people don't necessarily a good documentary make, their complete absence from this film undermines both the claims of Susan Oliver's importance to the industry and the professional credentials of the filmmakers...to say nothing of seriously hurting the film's chances of garnering mainstream interest. The documentary also makes no attempt to put any of Ms. Oliver's work or life into perspective, by use of a narrator or any analytical framework. The film is an endless series of TV and movie clips and talking head testimonials...there is no over-arching voice to bring it all together and offer up any kind of summation on who Susan Oliver was and why she might be important and worth remembering. Details about her personal life, especially her puzzling romantic liaisons and the obviously complicated relationship with her famous astrologer mother, are given a quick once-over. We are only given hints as to whom she may have had relationships with, and while privacy is always sacrosanct, a documentary that doesn't at least attempt to delineate the home life of its subject becomes more a curriculum vitae than a true story of a person. One can't help but feel the filmmakers kept things light in an effort to do honor to Ms. Oliver. That they did, but the documentary finally leaves one with the same feeling one has about Susan Oliver's career: it was oddly incomplete, and less than it should have been.