Before I continue with this review, please note that I have not read the book, but am going to in the very near future :) Please note that Im also a (straight) guy... not that it matters :PWow what can I say about this movie. From the moment the title sequence starts, I was hooked straight away. Scene to scene this movie just manages to suck me into this beautiful world of Hazel Grace Lancaster and Augustus Waters. The chemistry between Shailene Woodley and Ansel Elsort is astounding and the performances were astonishing. Honestly, this is the best movie I have seen all year, even better than Captain America: The Winter Soldier and Godzilla which was a massive surprise. I just thought this was going to be another teenie love story and boy was I wrong. I loved this movie and recommend it to everyone across all ages. I'm rambling on and praising the movie now so I should probably get on with the review.The direction and cinematography was fantastic. Not a single shot felt odd or out of place. Every shot matched the scene and felt real. The editing was also great as shot after shot matched with the characters faces and where they were (typical good movie editing stuff). The acting perhaps was one of the best aspects of this movie. Seriously it makes the two characters feel real and alive, and at times I forgot this was fiction and not based on a true story. Their performances were so heartfelt and definitely Oscar worthy in my opinion. But knowing the academy this is just another teenie love story that will not be acknowledged at all. Hopefully I'm wrong, but thats the way it normally is. This is the first movie this year that I have given a 10. I don't give out 10's easily, but there was seriously nothing wrong with this film. The pacing was perfect, the acting was phenomenal, the direction, editing and cinematography was exceptional and overall, this movie is one of the best romantic comedies that have ever touched the face of the earth. I encourage EVERYONE to go see this movie no matter what age you are and bring a packet of tissues as well. You'll need it.10/10