I generally like the films of an ambiguous meaning which are subject to the interpretation and challenge the conventional logic. That's why I enjoyed the film The Strange Color of Your Body's Tears, as well as its dream-like atmosphere and obtuse narrative built with elements of the classic Italian "giallo", but emphasizing the intense emotions and perverse psychology from the characters, something which ends up being more interesting than the search of a murderer. Then, we have the impressive visual work from co-directors Hélène Cattet and Bruno Forzani, who make every frame look very attractive, with an interesting composition and rich in color (or monochromatic contrast, in the case of the black-and-white scenes). And I also have to mention the extraordinary soundtrack. But, what does what we are watching exactly mean? I'm not sure. Might the building represent the traumatized mind of a serial killer? Or are the unpredictable situations metaphors of the main character's marriage to a femme fatale? Or are we witnessing a parade of ghosts obsessively repeating the events and emotions which preceded their violent deaths? I frankly don't know what the answer is. It might be something completely different to my theories. Or it might be a mistake to look for the solution of the puzzle instead of appreciating its elegant manufacture. Anyway, on the beginning, it was a bit difficult for me to integrate to The Strange Color of Your Body's Tears, but afterwards, I could get plunged into it due to its attractive shapes and sounds, and I left myself get carried away by its twisted corridors, enjoying the experience with the emotional side of my brain, ignoring the desperate questions from the rational side. I think the actors from The Strange Color of Your Body's Tears made a perfect work with whatever they proposed themselves to play; and the screenplay fulfilled with its purpose of telling an interesting story, even if it ends up being incomprehensible the first time we watch the film. In conclusion, I wouldn't consider The Strange Color of Your Body's Tears a great film, but I liked it pretty much, and I recommend it to those who want to watch a good "weird" movie, whose meaning is defined by the reaction from every spectator. So... the building is a travel through the purgatory, where the killer revives his crimes and suffers the destiny from his victims. No, no... it's the final hallucination occurred during the last seconds of life from a man who was stabbed in the head. Or maybe, it is...