'JACK REACHER: NEVER GO BACK': Four Stars (Out of Five)Sequel to the 2012 hit action movie 'JACK REACHER', also starring Tom Cruise in the title role. Both films are based on novels, written by Lee Child, about a former US Military Police Corps major, named Jack Reacher, that now takes on odd jobs as a vigilante drifter. In this film Reacher is framed, and trying to uncover a giant government conspiracy; with the help of a current military major, that's also been framed and now a fugitive from the law. The movie costars Cobie Smulders, Danika Yarosh, Patrick Heusinger, Aldis Hodge, Holt McCallany and Robert Knepper. It was directed by Edward Zwick (who also teamed with Cruise on 2003's 'THE LAST SAMURAI'), and it was written by Richard Wenk, Marshall Herskovitz and Zwick. The film has received mixed reviews from critics, and it's only been a modest hit at the Box Office. I enjoyed it as much as the original (if not more).After busting a human trafficking ring, Jack Reacher (Cruise) returns to the Military Police Corps headquarters, he used to work at, in order to meet Major Susan Turner (Smulders); who he has possible romantic feelings for. Once there Jack learns that Turner has been arrested for espionage. Despite the fact that she asked him not to get involved, Reacher begins to investigate the crimes she's accused of. In the process he becomes framed as well, and the two both go on the run from the law together; while trying to clear their names. Jack also learns that he might possibly have a 15- year-old daughter (Yarosh), who also becomes involved in the conspiracy. I don't really understand the negative reviews for this movie, I found it to be highly entertaining. It does lose it's way, a little bit in the middle, but for the most part it's a solid action thriller. I love the Jack Reacher character, and Cruise's conviction to the role is impressive. I also think it's awesome that the film has a really strong heroine character as well, and the relationship between her and Reacher is never sexual (or overly romantic). It's just a really well made movie, despite the fact that it drags just a little.Watch our movie review show 'MOVIE TALK' at: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2GhHTPB4y30