I recently watched the movie "Humpty Sharma Ki Dulhania".The movie is about the love story of a middle class boy and a middle class girl.Movie is directed by Debutant director Shashank Khaitan and produced by Karan Johar.It is a tribute to famous movie "DDLJ". it is a love story with modern behavior of the boy and the girl and their families.boy's role was played by Varun Dhawan as Humpty Sharma and girls role was played by Alia Bhatt as Kaya Pratap Singh.When Kavya ,a chirpy girl from Ambala, decides to make a trip to Delhi for her marriage shopping, she meets a young, carefree Delhi lad, Humpty Sharma. Humpty's father is the owner of a campus bookstore, where Humpty and his two best friends, Shonty and Poplu, have grown up together and which remains their hangout spot even now. Kavya is unattainable for Humpty initially, which makes her even more endearing to him. But being a Delhi boy, he is not the one to give up so easily. With some help from his two best friends, he finds out all about her and through an interesting turn of events (including a ploy to save Kavya's friend Gurpreet's marriage), they start growing closer to each other. The more time they spend with each other, their love-hate banter grows, but their chemistry is apparent. They are both different, yet very similar as people. They are young, feisty and carefree, and it's the spurge of life which attracts them to each other. As per plan, once Kavya's trip ends, she heads back to Ambala, knowing very well that her father, the very strict, yet loving Mr. Singh, would never accept her love for Humpty. But even though they both weren't looking for love, love happened.So Humpty,accompanied by his two friends, decides to go get Kavya. That's the beginning of a journey for him that he wouldn't have imagined undertaking even in the wildest of his dreams. Humpty, against all odds, decides to convince Kavya's family to agree to his alliance with her. How he does this and if he succeeds in his mission forms the rest of the story. Music in movie was very nice with super hit track "Saturday Saturday".Director has done considerable justice to story and screen play.Acting of characters is very entertaining.In short it is average movie with some good dialogs and character plays.