First of all, a note to the haters, who are thrashing the movie by saying it is not fit to be a homage of DDLJ, get a life. Any movie aspiring to be a DDLJ does not have be as good as the former. HSKD is too good to be true for a movie with DDLJ hangover. I am not going to judge this movie on the basis of how closely it pays homage to DDLJ. I will rate the movie on its own merit and it definitely deserves 3- 3.5 out of 5.First of all, full marks to Aalia and Varun for portraying their characters so effortlessly. Some people are complaining about Aalia's character whether any small town girl would behave like Aalia behaves in this movie. Two things, anything in the vicinity of NCR is not a village or small town, period. Plus, she is shown as a darling of the family and spoiled and at the same time vulnerable and I don't think Aalia could have done any better. She is Kareena Kapoor of this generation. Varun plays typical good for nothing middle class Delhi guy and he does equally good. Siddharth Shukla was supposed to look like a hunk when compared to Varun and he did an OK job. Thankfully he didn't really need to perform much, so he somehow balanced his act. Screenplay lacks detailing, I know today girls and guys could be close friends and can even share dirty jokes, but I guess a scene where Aalia watches porn (string operation) with the guys was too much, may be in 2025 but not right now. It reminds me of a scene in Rock-star where Ranbir and Nargis watch a c-grade movie in theater and can't stop giggling. I don't know where our writers get these kind of ideas, they do not happen even in most urban society. Also screenplay is full of clichés, but good acting saves the day. Direction by Shashank Khaitan is good, one big mistake he did is he and the marketing team promoted this movie as a tribute to DDLJ. If they had promoted this as another regular love story, box office collection and appreciation could have been much much better. Good luck to Varun for acting with his idols in Dilwale, hope that will rock.