Years after a zombie outbreak, a team of soldiers sent to the island stronghold of a reclusive doctor finds his studies on a deadly virus program has unleashed a swarm of zombies on the island and must try to hold off the increasingly intelligent beings to get off alive.This one wasn't all that bad but it did have its flaws. One of the few things that does come off rather nicely is the zombie action within this one, which tends to follow the channel's standards of action content within here. The film's switches from the short, brief scenarios to the longer, more involved set-ups makes for a good time here when it features the battles with the creatures, from the opening scenes of the compound being overrun and taking out the entire team of soldiers and scientists in the facility's wings and corridors that starts this one off rather nicely, the first scenes of their attack in the jungle where the creatures come pouring out of the jungle walls in waves after them is a strong and effective outing while their confrontation with the horde later on in the underground sections of the entire island coming alive in the facility trying to take them out resulting in constant and continuous gun-battles to hold them off as they retreat from the compound through the rest of the island trying to get to safety that's actually exceptionally fun. When this one gets into the shorter encounters, there's some more fun as these are based more on short, quick gunfights which are fun and thrilling, yet the highlight of it all is the series of rather fun and brutal zombie- on-zombie brawls that really makes this one end on a higher note than expected. Coupled with the rather fun zombie make-up and a nice amount of gore, there's a lot to like with this one. There's still some rather sizable flaws, starting with the rather lame story that really makes no sense at all here. There's little reason for them to even be attempting to weaponize a product the way they state here, and it really manages to strain credibility the way it goes for the group returning after such an extended absence that doesn't seem to show any kind of residual damage in the intervening years. Not only that, but the internal logic within this one comes into question with the idea of being unable to trust their potential prisoner yet continuously do so, long after the time to distrust them becomes obvious, which all make the story here quite hard to swallow. Likewise, there's also the fact that the film also features the same rather lame CGI for the vast majority of its gore and bloodshed sequences that it becomes quite detrimental and distracting during the zombie carnage which really comes off a lot more amateurishly than expected. As some might also question the use of the zombies gaining new abilities here with the enhanced speech and recognition factors, it's not enough to lower this against the other small flaws.Rated Unrated/R: Graphic Violence and Language.