BLOOD RELATIVE is an above average Wild Dogs crime thriller with good helpings of action and suspense. In particular, it gets a lot of bang for its buck with memorable action sequences sprinkled throughout. Plenty of blank rounds are dispensed, cars smashed, and bloody squibs discharged. Also on display in the action department are a bevy of bare knuckled martial arts scuffles choreographed by John Ozuna (who co-stars in the movie alongside lead Jeremy Koerner) and a memorable scene involving a tough as nails Koerner wielding a claw hammer.BLOOD RELATIVE also excels when it comes to the variety of locations and memorable faces it employs. Highlights included gorgeously photographed shots of downtown San Francisco in the movie's tense (and mostly dialogue free) opening, a superb foot chase through graffitied urban ruins, a mafia run bar, tattoo parlor, fight gym, and more. Liz Clare (who could easily pass for Bettie Page!) shines as Koerner's on screen sister who finds herself in trouble when her tattoo artist boyfriend gets called on to fill in as a mafia hit-man. Koerner performs well, but he appears more comfortable and natural in the movie in full-on badass mode as opposed to his scenes working as a guidance counselor or playing a father figure to his kid sister in Clare. In a way that's kind of the point though and necessary as you learn more and more about his character. It's easy to gather John Ozuna is more of a martial arts expert than he is actor, but he fares well here for someone one can assume is fairly new to the acting game. James Allen Brewer and David Cordoni (HARD PROFIT) are great in roles as mob underbosses, while Joseph Camilleri makes for a fine kingpin (who happens to be given the funny character eccentricity of being a horrible wannabe lounge singer who can't stop belting tunes).Look out for a twist ending that will no doubt have you thinking after the end credits have rolled. While it might seem to defy logic initially, it's a fun way to get the viewer putting the pieces together and writing their own epilogue. Seems to have been director Fredianelli's intent and not a mean spirited "@#$%* with audiences" moment. It's all in the subtext. In conclusion, BLOOD RELATIVE comes recommended. Not Fredianelli's best work, but still solid. Much superior to the filmmaker's crime thriller from last year HARD PROFIT.